Serve robots.txt for Prow (#4365)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/cluster/README.md

The structure of the folder looks as follows:

```
  ├── components            # Definitions of Prow components and cluster configuration.
  ├── resources             # Helm charts used by the Prow cluster.
  └── static-files          # Files that will be uploaded to the nginx web server.
```

##  Adding static files

> All files added to the `static-files` folder are uploaded in a ConfigMap to the cluster and mounted by the web server in the web root directory. To route traffic for a specific path to the nginx web server, update the ingress `tls-ing` configuration in `tls-ing_ingress.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All files added to the `static-files` folder are automatically uploaded by Prow config_updater plugin to the cluster in a ConfigMap. Uploaded files are mounted by the web server in the web root directory. To route traffic for a specific path to the nginx web server, in order to serve these files, update the ingress `tls-ing` configuration in `tls-ing_ingress.yaml`.
```

> ##  Adding static files
> All files added to the `static-files` folder are automatically uploaded by Prow config_updater plugin to the cluster in a ConfigMap. Uploaded files are mounted by the web server in the web root directory. To route traffic for a specific path to the nginx web server, in order to serve these files, update the ingress `tls-ing` configuration in `tls-ing_ingress.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
###  Adding static files
All files added to the `static-files` folder are automatically uploaded by the Prow `config_updater` plugin to the cluster in a ConfigMap. Uploaded files are mounted by the web server in the web root directory. To route traffic for a specific path to the NGINX web server, in order to serve these files, update the Ingress `tls-ing` configuration in `tls-ing_ingress.yaml`.
```
